spotify: Add option to disable Spotify's audio cache (#369)
balenalabs/balena-sound: docs/03-customization.md

| Environment variable | Description | Options | Defaults |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| SOUND_DISABLE_PLUGIN | Disable the selected plugin. Useful when you don't want to use a particular plugin. There is one variable per plugin: <br>- `SOUND_DISABLE_SPOTIFY`<br>- `SOUND_DISABLE_AIRPLAY`<br>- `SOUND_DISABLE_BLUETOOTH`<br>- `SOUND_DISABLE_UPNP` | Plugin will be disabled if the variable exists regardless of its value. | --- |
| SOUND_ENABLE_SOUNDCARD_INPUT | If your soundcard has inputs you can enable soundcard input by setting this variable. Sound coming in through the audio card will be treated as a new plugin/audio source.<br><br>This feature is still experimental! | Plugin will be enabled if the variable exists regardless of its value. | --- |
| SOUND_SPOTIFY_USERNAME | Your Spotify login username. Required to use Spotify Connect over the internet. | --- | --- |
| SOUND_SPOTIFY_PASSWORD | Your Spotify login password. Required to use Spotify Connect over the internet. | --- | --- |
| SOUND_SPOTIFY_DISABLE_NORMALISATION | Disable volume normalization in Spotify. | Disabled if the variable exists regardless of its value. | --- |

> | SOUND_SPOTIFY_DISABLE_CACHE | Disable the audio cache in Spotify which can take up larged amounts of disk space. | Disabled if the variable exists regardless of its value. | --- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SOUND_SPOTIFY_ENABLE_CACHE | Enable the audio cache in Spotify. Note that over time it can take up large amounts of disk space. | Enabled if the variable exists regardless of its value. | --- |
```
